Occursum

  This is the repository for Occursum, the app I have written for my Mobile App Development project. It consists of a basic contact managing app that includes some extra features like notes on what a person does and doesn't like to help with networking. This can allow the user to improve at making smalltalk and at building better relationships with theire jmanagers and possibly representitives in other companies that could be usefull in future. Like the saying goes: "Its not what you know that matters, but who you know."
  While deciding what kind of app I wanted to create decided to make something I would find useful. I then spent some time trying to find the right balance between achievable, useful, and fun to make. Eventually, I settled for a tool to help with social networking. Often in the business world who you know can be more important than what you know, is who you know. A few contacts in the right company or right department can open doors and opportunities later.
  However, creating and maintaining the necessary relationships to have these contacts can be hard work, especially for someone who, like me, is not especially good at talking to people or even remembering their names.
  So, I designed the Occursum app to help with this by allowing the user to save more than just explicit contact details with a contact. By allowing the user to add the topics to a contact it becomes easy to remember details about people and thereby improve at Smalltalk.
  Say, at a Christmas party the user meets the Head of HR at a customer company. They start a conversation and learn that their daughter is in their final year and about to graduate. They can add that as a topic to the contact so that they can then remember this later and ask them during a business meeting in June, how their daughters’ final exams when and if she has decided where to apply for university yet.
  Taking the stress of trying to remember this out of a conversation can then help make the user more confident in what they are talking about and over time hopefully make them better at talking to people and making connections.
